Personal Project Journal---
What I would like my app to do...
I would like to have Monday-Friday cards be up on the home page on page load.
I would like the user to be able to click on the exercise button associated with that day.
When the button is clicked I would like a pop up to appear that has the 5 work outs associated 
with that day to appear.
The user should be able to input how many reps they were able to accomplish.
At the bottom there should be a save button and a reset button so they can save there
reps or reset if they need to change them.
I would also like to have the user be able to favorite a program so they can go back and
see which ones they liked.



Steps to implement my app---------------------
1- I set up vite express
2- created a models folder and created all my tables and there foreign keys
3- created a seed folder that holds my table data
4- made for loops in my seed folder that use sequelize queries to get all my data into my association table from the programs table and the exercise table.
4- create end points that I need for my user
5- Used postman to test out those end points and made sure it was grabbing the informtation I needed.
6- Ended up adding another componenet so I could have individual input fields. Otherwise they were all typing the same thing in all the inputs on the exercise modal page.
7-Started the front end. Referred back to my postman to make sure I wrote the queries correctly.
8- Used useeffect to allow the exercise table to load when the button is clicked. 
9- Mapped through all the programs and displayed the name of the exercise the goal, sets and added an input for them to type
what they achieved.
10- Changed the favorite button to a terinary. When its clicked it will toggle back and forth between favorited and unfavorite so the
user knows if they liked the work out or not. Eventually I would like to add a favorite link/button that will pull up all the exercises 
they favorited so if they want to do them again they have access to them.
11-




